and good morning and so I'm up this
morning and about to head off to the
Masters Lodge for breakfast so I'm very
very excited or what a way to kick off
the week the master has invited everyone
from the first and second boats at the
Boat Club to breakfast this morning
since we have a big race coming up this
week he's supporting the Boat Club and
all that so yeah it's really nice and
quite excited it's not often that we get
invited to the Masters Lodge let me show
you my invitation I got last week here's
my invitation I'm actually very hungry
so breakfast will be great and then yeah
then off to lectures I do have a lecture
at 9:00 and it technically finishes at
9:00 so I might have to pop off ten
minutes or so early but I reckon a lot
of people will have that issue because
lectures do tend to start at 9:00 Ella
is also coming as well because she is in
the first and second boats of the boat
Club so I'm gonna meet her in a minute
and we're going to walk over to the
Masters Lodge
so this was one of the many plates of
food I ate at that breakfast I know it's
a random combination but it was so tasty
okay so I've just run back to my room
very quickly it had a great breakfast
I'm just very full now you know like I
just went for everything I was like bit
fruit cheap a no chuckle ah egg bacon
YUM have cut it a bit fine but I was
just quite enjoying myself really didn't
want to leave but now I've got a ways
off to the lectures click what just over
ten minutes to get there
but luckily I packed my bag beforehand
there is so that I could just pick it up
and go I think I'm gonna change because
I'm wearing a pinafore and like cycling
in this it's not the most practical of
things so I'm going to change into some
jeans I think Tim Lee Jay and I headed
to the library for some productive work
between lectures what a mood for the end
of term meanwhile I was going through
some flashcards
so milk gate has continued there has
been more milk going missing in our
staircase people are very unhappy in the
staircase because milk levels have been
going down and I've noticed my own milk
has been stolen a bit of it so yeah I'm
on the lookout because I'm not happy at
this point in term we should have got
rid of all the milk things but it seems
they're still around in our staircase
the things are not okay do we have a
milk thief here I'm a reformed man
really I've got to read everything
people may think that milk is a small
thing but you know like every pound you
spend on a bottle of milk you know comes
out the budget and all Astrid and Emma
are having to go without milk at the
moment so Frank Astrid fight filling her
milk up continuously throughout the week
so that whenever they use it it stays
full hilarious you know it's a yeah
asterisk my own I made a joke on the
group chat earlier because you know
there's a bit of unrest over the whole
milk situation and then November 2 it
was yeah and I don't know who it was but
someone was like oh there's no beef here
and I was like oh my god there's a beef
beef 2-bedroom was like what it was like
because there's no beefy back of a joke
is there any funny right response and I
said she found it really really funny
and it made her day so you know bringing
humor to the group chat that's me it's
that time of the week again when we're
all then animatics and I've got mine at
shows you get good evening I spent the
afternoon doing supervision work which
I've now handed in I'm not very pleased
with the work I've handed in like I
don't feel like it's a proper reflection
of what I'm capable of but I just didn't
have time to do any more just the thing
that I feel here is we just don't have
enough time if I had some more time to
look over those lecture notes and
properly let it sink in and actually get
a grasp on these topics then I do a much
better job with the questions but I just
don't have time but I suppose as it's
the Christmas holiday coming up it's a
good opportunity just to tie together
those pieces of supervision work that
weren't quite as good during time time
so I will have time to look over this
stuff in the holiday but yeah like I
can't do that much more I'm working as
hard as I can
I'm putting the hours in I'm now on to
my lab report since handing in my
supervision work I've managed to write
the method and results sections and I've
written out the headings for the other
sections very important it is it takes a
while especially when I'm just trying to
piece my thoughts together and at this
stage I'm still not very used to writing
lab reports
we had to write to lab reports I think
over the course of first year and so
this is only my third proper lab report
ever and they're trying to teach us the
skills of how to write lab reports
essentially in our first and second
years so that when it comes to third
year and beyond and we're doing our own
research projects and all that jazz we
can actually write lab reports for
ourselves it's now just past ten o'clock
but I'm gonna go to bed now because I've
just been told or I was told a few hours
ago that I need to be up early tomorrow
morning
I swear I'm literally up early every day
this week literally all for rowing woo
but I love it really the rowers in my
crew are doing an ERG tomorrow morning
so that we're using the rowing machines
and practicing their rowing technique
getting up there Fitness I've got to go
to this earth session tomorrow morning
because it's the week of the race so I
really should be going at this point and
it's gonna be useful to me because I can
practice the calls that I'm going to
make in the race while they're on the
rowing machines so I'm gonna go along
and shout at them earlier on I was just
feeling a bit drained to be honest like
this term is really really taking it out
of me whilst I'm really really excited
for skiing at the end of this week or
even it's like four days time now I'm
actually so exhausted after this term so
I don't even know how I'm going to make
it for a week of skiing there's nothing
I want more right now than to just go to
go home and sleep it's super misty this
morning
I'm glad I'm not actually out on the
river and three precious strokes
ready go
Russia won the Russia teeth
okay so I have just popped to the shops
this afternoon some may call this
procrastination from work I mean I'm
saying it'd have to be done anyway
so why not now could be merely when I've
got a maths work sitting at my desk that
I don't really want to get on with at
the moment but I have got a super a
super vision in ten minutes time so I'm
kind of speed walking back now okay so
I've got back just in time I just want
to show you my most exciting purchase of
that shopping trip just imagine it on my
head it's gonna look so cool this
evening for bridge miss formal bridge
miss is an early celebration of
Christmas in Cambridge since all the
students go home for the holidays anyway
off to my soup oh hello so I've had a
nap this afternoon halfway through my
physics supervision I suddenly felt so
so tired it just literally hit me so
fast and I was like ah I just need to
sleep so I just had an hour-long nap and
now I've got myself a coffee which I'm
just drinking here yeah I just need to
make it through the evening and stay up
I'm supposed to be going out tonight
and I've got a rowing outing tomorrow
morning and the rowing outing tomorrow
morning requires me to be up before 6
o'clock in the morning and going out
tonight would involve me getting back
and going to bed and about I don't know
miss definitely past midnight even if I
come back early so you know some people
might be like Paige that's probably not
a great situation you should probably
rethink what you're doing there because
you know sleep is important but like oh
my god it's the end of term I just want
to have fun
I've got maths work let's do in tomorrow
morning I've got to get done I don't
know what I'm gonna do I don't think
we're gonna go out tonight anymore it's
a shame because it's the last week of
term okay
so update somehow by some sort of
miracle I managed to get my maths done
and get ready for formal on time so now
I'm just about to head off do you like
these I'm just about to head off to a
carol service astron Emma are both
reading in it so it'll be nice to watch
them read
and who doesn't love a few Christmas
carols and then it will be straight on
to bridge miss for more getting in the
festive spirit it's gonna be a good
evening I might still go out this
evening knowing me I probably will go
out but I think the plan is we're gonna
go out quite early anyway so I'll get
back early and it's all under control
guys but ya know I'm excited now
I wait for it wait for it wait for it oh
my god there is a walking Christmas tree
what an outfit I think that you win the
award for best outfit if this is beaten
by anyone I will be shot it's homemade
yeah it's impressive okay let's go
[Music]
say hello guys say marry bridge my
hybrid first ok so we are in excited
they're doing Brittany's enough smoked
salmon blini or the flower children you
send us
turkey absolutely back and boozy
truffles these were amazing last year I
can't wait
and we've just don't crack this hence
the Hat as well looking lovely let me
tell you a joke
from my craft guy let's see if you can
get it what fish leaves footprints on
the seabed comment down below using the
punchline is
[Music]
you see Mary thanks
Nick Price's brought out is a good time
[Music]
[Applause]
we are all back in the same case we've
just got changed I'm in like clapping
appropriate gear and there's a bomb
going on a bob is like a party disco
kind of thing in the park and then the
plan is to go out we've got tickets with
one more group which is a really really
good club night so it should be really
fun this evening we've placed bets on
how many people are in the book because
they have varying popularity I bet on 20
people
I found 13 we'll see I actually want to
up my bet now since there's people going
down as we go down does they include a
sir is nerves
you know let's go see
[Music]
then we all headed out two reps with a
grandma group club night is held
[Music]
[Applause]
hello so me and Ella have both worked at
back fairly early from revs from the
grandmas reignite it how sad is it we're
getting back from a club tonight at
midnight that's really
we both got asking yeah we've got
roaming outings tomorrow and we're up at
like 6:00 yep I mean I think I'm gonna
have to set my alarm
oh that's terrible yeah 6:15 oh you're
backing yourself to get up
I don't shower I literally just get up
put clothes on over my pajamas I'm gonna
say goodnight now because I'm gonna have
to get to bed pronto
to get some sleep for tomorrow I can
still get good 5 and something I was
sleeping not that you can see much but
this is video evidence that I made it up
in time for my 6:45 rowing outing ok so
now up and ready for the day three
things to remember today is the three
L's lectures laundry lab report if I can
get all those done today and we'll be
happy when a lecturer gives their last
lecture in a lecture series we applaud
them to show our appreciation for their
lectures this was our last lecture from
a particular math lecturer who was an
actual legend he was such a good
lecturer I've never seen the applause go
on for so long before
[Applause]
since you guys had a half so the math
lecture finished early so we have come
to the whale cafe because it's cold
outside and we don't want to wait around
in the phone for the next lecture to
start because the last lecture was only
a half lecture today because like we
were finishing off but yeah one more
lecture to go for this term so this
afternoon I've just been doing my lab
report I've currently got some laundry
oh and the reason I've got so much
laundry to do is because I'm going on
ski trip on Friday so I need lots of my
clothes washed and dried and packed
tomorrow meanwhile this lab report is
just taking forever and I'm feeling so
rundown today and I thought I was just
hungover but I don't actually think I am
hungover I think I'm just
l oh my god last night I kept waking up
like every single hour as suddenly
having a panic in me like I need to be
the Boathouse I need to be at the
boathouse and I'd look at the tire and
I'd be like no you don't it's 3:30 in
the morning you don't need to be at the
boathouse yet page but roamings doing to
me I also got a meeting with my director
of studies this evening Ashley that's
the other thing every term we get a
meeting with our director of studies
which we call a dose do s director of
studies and we see them twice a term
usually what's the start once at the end
and then you can like go and see them
anytime you're in term of you have any
worries or anything whether it's
academic or otherwise and yeah they're
just there to help you and guide your
studies ready I'm now sitting here just
quickly going over my race plan because
I've got another rowing outing tomorrow
and it just helps to kind of get the
cools in my head and what I'm doing for
those who don't know I cooks so I sit at
the front of the boat and shout at
people as they row and try and make them
grow faster and steer them in the right
direction it's a big race plan here like
I don't want to show you in case they're
spies from other crews watching although
I suppose we'll go up after the race but
like the future years like we don't want
to let people know our secret so I'm
gonna get to bed now because we all know
I didn't get much sleep last night poor
life decisions maybe I don't know no
regrets like I had
time last night so I'm glad I did go out
in the end and it's not like I went out
for a long time anyway right morning so
all you've missed this morning is me get
up early for a brewing outing but it was
fine I was telling myself it's the last
one of time crazy winds today and all
the novice races are today so I feel a
bit sorry for them because it's so windy
and luckily I think the winds supposed
to be dropping off tomorrow for when the
seniors race but it's just a bit
unfortunate that it's so windy today I'm
just about to pop off to the library to
get some books
yeah and Irene is do like a last push on
my lab report today
[Music]
okay I've got my books it was quite
depressing how empty the library was I
swear it's always me at the end
determines the last one in the library
still working like Tom technically ended
yesterday but I'm still going I don't
even know how it takes me so long to
find books in the library like I'm so
bad with figuring out how the ordering
system works and like what do all these
things mean does anyone know like it
gets so confusing but I'm quite proud of
myself I managed to find oh four books
that I set out to find yes hopefully
they include the stuff that I need
fingers crossed and I'm gonna get on
with writing where that report until I
have to go to my supervision in like two
hours time
[Music]
I was actually out racing on the river
today okay so I'm just about to head off
out again I think the last time I spoke
to you I was out as well but like it's
now evening now because you can see it's
dark outside and I'm going to creep
hasta this evening because before rowing
races you tend to have dinner with your
crew the rowers are all carving up all
ready for the big race it should be nice
but it's got to be a quick dinner
because I still haven't finished my lab
report and I haven't even started
packing and I'm going on a ski trip
tomorrow
pray for me pray for me hopefully I'm
gonna get everything done but yeah quick
great for dinner hello everyone it's so
late at night but I finally finished my
lab report hallelujah I'm gonna go to
bed now
get a good night's rest so on Friday
morning I was up and recording the times
of boats in other divisions of the
rowing race since my college was running
the races so I had to help out it was
actually quite fun having a bit of
responsibility I filmed a couple of the
boats from my college who were racing in
this division as they rode past
you got this I stuck post-it notes with
the calls I wanted to make in the race
onto the boat which my crew were racing
in while it was still on the rack how
organized am I here was the scene
outside the Jesus College boathouse
it was very busy because everyone was
running around marshaling the races and
making sure everything was running
smoothly
and here was my cook thing set up for
the race you can see my cooks books my
stroke coach and my race plan stuck to
the sides of the boat and here's me and
my crew starting the race yeah Jesus
[Music]
my god so it's been a bit of a whirlwind
today not gonna lie and yesterday
evening so I was up so late doing my lab
report didn't get to bed till very very
very late finishing that off and
obviously had to get up relatively early
this morning because I was marshalling
the first division in the rowing races
that are going on that my college Jesus
College is running so we have to marshal
all the other divisions and help run the
races basically so I was marshalling in
the first division this morning as you
saw I was doing half way timing and
recording so that was ok you know it was
much warmer than last year so thumbs up
for me if you cost your mind back to my
vlog like at the end of Michaelmas term
in my first year if you've seen it if
any of you've seen that there's me there
going I'm so cold I'm freezing cold but
it was much warmer this year anyway then
I had my own race and always see I was
actually petrified about it I was so
nervous about like taking the wrong line
and costing the whole crew the race
because obviously all the rowers in my
crew have trained so hard and I was just
so worried that my cock's thing wasn't
going to be up to scratch but it went
well and we actually won so I'm actually
so happy you like ah oh they're all
insane my crew like amazing and like I
tried my best the coach said my lines
were fine like they were good so that
was a relief did wake up this morning
had lost my voice for a short period of
time but managed to get the voice back
it's fine you know and yeah so now I'm
actually printing off my lab report I'm
running it over to the physics lab so we
have to hand it in I also need to get
lunch I haven't eaten anything until
like 2 o'clock I had not eaten anything
today because I forgot to take food with
me to the boathouse and then I was
really nervous anyway and then I had a
slice of chocolate cake after the race
but that was it so I'm actually quite
hungry oh so I've just walked back into
our room properly sunk into my armchair
and now I can't stand up again cuz I'm
so out of energy but I need to pack I've
just gone to Sainsbury's and I've got
snacks for the coach journey because I'm
going by coach on the ski trip this
evening and it's like a 16
our coach journey or something so fun
I've got bag I'm just gonna try and
chuck things in it's gonna be quite
disorganized let's hope I get everything
just the important things that my
passport would be good and my ticket my
booking ticket would be good I'm gonna
have to do such quick makeup for Boat
Club dinner this evening I can't even go
to the prize-giving like the
prize-giving for my race the is in half
an hour's time but realistically I've
got to pack so it's all go still it's
all go but like I'm not complaining coz
it's actually fun stuff now like growing
this farm boat club dinner is fun
packing isn't so fun but like skiing is
fun I'm trying to get myself hyped for
the ski trip now like yes I'm still very
drained from time but just got to change
that mindset you know I'm sure I'm gonna
have a lovely time I'm kind of packed
okay so I'm leaving now for Boat Club
dinner
we've got pre drinks beforehand but I'm
not actually sure where they are so I
need to check that but should be good
I'm looking forward to this evening
[Music]
okay so I just got back from BCD and you
had a great time this is my shield from
winning the race today fastest a women's
senior first eight yeah so over-the-moon
with that had a great time at Boat Club
dinner they've all gone on to the bar
and then they've got a Bop which is like
a party in the bar and then they're all
going out to spoons for a club night but
obviously I've got my coach a half 12 so
I've left them wish them all a Merry
Christmas
because christmas is coming up you know
everyone's going home for the holidays
so me and will are about to head off for
the ski trip it's been a good time gonna
end of look here but do like subscribe
thanks for joining me this term and
goodbye
you
[Music]